[Bug][Doc] Increase default operator resource requirements, improve docs (#727)
ray-project/kuberay: ray-operator/README.md

    For production use-cases, make sure to allocate sufficient resources for your Ray pods; it usually makes
    sense to run one large Ray pod per Kubernetes node.
    See [ray-cluster.complete.large.yaml](config/samples/ray-cluster.complete.large.yaml) and
    [ray-cluster.autoscaler.large.yaml](config/samples/ray-cluster.autoscaler.yaml) for guidance. The rest of the sample configs above are geared towards experimentation in local kind or minikube environments.

>     For KubeRay operator, anecdotally, managing 500 Ray pods requires roughly 500MB memory. Monitor memory usage and adjust as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The memory usage of the KubeRay operator depends on the number of pods and Ray clusters being managed. Anecdotally, managing 500 Ray pods requires roughly 500MB memory. Monitor memory usage and adjust requests and limits as needed.
```
